[Music]
cabo pulmo is the perfect example of
what nature would be like if we knew how
to really take care of it
[Music]
the mission that we have now with the
Umbra based attack several different
species of sharks we're deploying
acoustic coded tags as soon as a shark
approaches a receiver
we know that how long the shark has been
here how long it went somewhere else and
came back
[Music]
it's funny cuz everybody's like oh you
work with sharks that's so cool
I'm like yeah it's totally cool but what
you need to understand is sometimes you
don't see anything
tagging sharks can often be extremely
difficult what we were lucky to find was
a whale shark that was about the perfect
size for us to tag
[Music]
we found the perfect target was reading
it was at the surface for a few minutes
I got very close to it I shot and it was
perfect
the Sea of Cortez is a well-known
aggregation site for whale sharks but
we've just got no idea where they go
after they leave here unless we can
protect those migration corridors
individual locations are not going to
mean much so now that we have a tag
attached to that whale shark it becomes
an ambassador for whale sharks globally
we are getting to know why the Sharks
are here we want to give the Mexican
government all the tools that they need
to protect these specific places not
just about having one nice spot you
learn that everything absolutely
everything is connected
[Music]
when you see this huge ball of maybe a
thousand jacks in front of you it means
that we are doing the things correctly
in our country my family's been here for
more than hundred ten years this part of
the ocean I feel in my heart it's like a
part of my body without this I don't
know what I'm gonna do 500 million
people depend on protein in the ocean
for their livelihoods we have to get
people to understand that they are in
some sense connected to the ocean no
matter where they are
[Music]